Patrick's Day dance I know
hey viv
look Oscar left a skylight open so have
we still got that tow rope in the back
of the car we have and not on your life
okay then you lower me I'm not gonna be
on either end of that rope oh damn now
we could do that it's so important for
me to get his suit out oh look who's
here
buona sera what is here Tony - bellows -
but don't you worry we're going to get
your suit buona sera Oh knock it off
I could find with nickels putting out of
the bank the sack broke oh well we don't
need him now you don't need them on the
room with Umberto combate oh yes he's
gonna lower through the skylight on a
long road strong like you're askin to
Ravel
what do you think what he said mrs.
Carmichael fell into a vat of green
hello see ya Michael
at least you're the right color for the
st. Patrick's Day dad